The context 7 MCP server gives warp
agents realtime access to documentation
from across the web. Here I'm using it
to update my share brew files project
which is an older Astro site I built a
couple of years ago. The prompt is
pretty simple which is just to update
the Astro project to follow the latest
best practices. The MCP server calls get
library docs to pull the latest Astro 5
docs. Warp then applies updates across
the project like updating my Tailwind
import syntax, improving my TypeScript
configuration, optimizing my build
settings, and adding better
accessibility rules. You'll see it
pulling in the Astrodocs and making the
code changes across multiple files. This
saves me hours of reading change logs
and blog posts just to find out what has
changed in the last couple of years. I
find this especially useful when
reviving old projects or migrating to a
new framework version and wanting to
make sure I'm still following the latest
standards.